https://www.perplexity.ai/search/75626c91-d666-4871-bbc1-893c0eedf215?s=c

The kitten is playing in the rain
Kat speel e in re:en

The rain has stopped
ReEn al

Soon the rain will stop
E gou a reEn al

I hope the rain stops soon
My hoop die reen al e gou

Once wild animals lived here
E een keer a dier leef e hier

Slowly she looked around
Sy rond-sien e stadig

Go away!
I weg-gaan!

Let's go!
I gaan!

You should go
Jy moet i gaan

I will be happy to go
My sal e geluk i gaan

He will arrive soon
Sy kom e gou

The baby's ball has rolled away
Kind-bal weg-gaan

The two boys are working together
Twee-kind werk e saam

This mist will probably clear away
E ware-skyn a mis weg-skoon

Lovely flowers are growing everywhere
Lief-blom groei e alles plek

We should eat more slowly
Ons moet i eet e meer stadig

You have come too soon
Jy kom e te gou

You must write more neatly
Jy moet i skryf e meer skoon

Directly opposite stands a wonderful palace
mooi-plek staan e direk teen

Henry's dog is lost
Henry-hond e verloor

My cat is black
My-kat e swart

The little girl's doll is broken
Klein-kind-pop e breek

I usually sleep soundly
E baie a my slaap e klank

The children ran after Jack
Kind hard-loop na Jack

I can play after school
My kan i speel na skool

We went to the village for a visit
Ons gaan vir i sien dorpie

We arrived at the river
Ons kom e rivier

I have been waiting for you
My was jy wag

The campers sat around the fire
Kamp-mens sit e rond vuur

A little girl with a kitten sat near me
Klein-kind met kat sit e by my

The child waited at the door for her father
Kind was sy-ouer wag e by deur

Yesterday the oldest girl in the village lost her kitten
E gister a kind e meeste leef-tyd tussen dorp i verloor sy-kat

Were you born in this village?
E in dorp waar jy gebore?

Can your brother dance well?
Jy-broer kan i dans e goed?

Did the man leave?
Man was i weg-gaan?

Is your sister coming for you?
Jy-suster kom vir jy?

Can you come tomorrow?
Jy kan i kom e mOre?

Have the neighbors gone away for the winter?
Buur was i weg-gaan vir winter?

Does the robin sing in the rain?
VoEl sing e in reEn?

Are you going with us to the concert?
Jy met ons gaan vir konsert?

Have you ever travelled in the jungle?
Jy al i reis in woud?

We sailed down the river for several miles
E min kilometer a ons vaar e deur rivier

Everybody knows about hunting
Alles weet oor jag

On a Sunny morning after the solstice we started for the mountains
E son oggend na son-staan a ons gaan vir berg

Tom laughed at the monkey's tricks
Tom lag aap-truuk

An old man with a walking stick stood beside the fence
Oud-mens met loop-stok staan e by draad

The squirrel's nest was hidden by drooping boughs
Eekhoring-nes was e nie-sien van tak e hang

The little seeds waited patiently under the snow for the warm spring sun
Klein-saad wag e duld onder sneeu vir son e warm lente

Many little girls with wreaths of flowers on their heads danced around the bonfire
Kind e veel klein met blom-krans e in hand i dans e rond vreug-fuur

The cover of the basket fell to the floor
Mandjie-dek val e aan vloer

The first boy in the line stopped at the entrance
Kind-een e in lyn i stop e in aan-gaan

On the top of the hill in a little hut lived a wise old woman
E op heuwel-punt en e in klein hut a vrou e wys oud i leef

During our residence in the country we often walked in the pastures
E deur in-stand-blyf a ons loop e dikwels in weivelde

When will your guests from the city arrive?
Wanneer jy-gas kom van stand?

Near the mouth of the river, its course turns sharply towards the East
E by rivier-voet a dit-lyn draai e skerp vir aarde

Between the two lofty mountains lay a fertile valley
Vrug-baar-vallei lE e tussen twee-hok-berg

Among the wheat grew tall red poppies
Papawers e lang rooi i grooi e tussen koring

The strong roots of the oak trees were torn from the ground
Wortel e sterk eike-boom i was e draai van grond

The sun looked down through the branches upon the children at play
Son af-sien e deur tak a kind e aan fees

The west wind blew across my face like a friendly caress
Wes-wind blaas e deur my-gesig asof vrind-streel

The spool of thread rolled across the floor
Draad-klos gaan e deur vloer

A box of growing plants stood in the Window
Boks e groei plant i staan e in venster

I am very happy
My e baie geluk

These oranges are juicy
Dit-oranje e sap

Sea water is salty
See-water e sout

The streets are full of people
Straat e vol mens

Sugar tastes sweet
Suiker e soet-smaak

The fire feels hot
Fuur e voel warm

The little girl seemed lonely
Klein-meisie e lyk alleen 

The little boy's father had once been a sailor
Vader e klein-kind i was matroos

I have lost my blanket
My al kombers verloor

A robin has built his nest in the apple tree
Rubecula bou sy-nes e in appel-boom

At noon we ate our lunch by the roadside
E middel-dag a ons eet e by pad-kant

Mr. Jones made a knife for his little boy
Mr-Jones maak mes vir sy-kind

Their voices sound very happy
Sy-stem klank e baie geluk

Is today Monday?
Dit-dag is Maandag?

Have all the leaves fallen from the tree?
Alles-blaar al-val van boom

Will you be ready on time?
E by-tyd a jy sal e gereed?

Will you send this message for me?
Jy sal boodskap stuur vir my?

Are you waiting for me?
Jy wag my?

Is this the first kitten of the litter?
Dit is kat-een van rommel

Are these shoes too big for you?
Dit-skoen e te groot vir jy?

How wide is the River?
Hoe rivier e wyd

Listen
I luister

Sit here by me
I sit e hier by my

Keep this secret until tomorrow
I hou dit-geheim tot mOre

Come with us
I kom met ons

Bring your friends with you
I bring jy-vrind met jy

Be careful
E sorg

Have some tea
I het sommige-tee

Pip and his dog were great friends
Pip en sy-hond was vriend e goed

John and Elizabeth are brother and sister
John en Elizabeth is bruur en suster

You and I will go together
Jy en my gaan e saam

They opened all the doors and windows
Sy oop alles-deur en alles-venster

He is small, but strong
Sy e klein maar e sterk

Is this tree an oak or a maple?
Dit-boom is quercus of acer?

Does the sky look blue or gray?
Lug lyk e blou of e grys?

Come with your father or mother
I kom met jy-ouer

I am tired, but very happy
My e moeg maar e baie geluk

He played a tune on his wonderful flute
Sy melodie fluit e wonder

Toward the end of August the days grow much shorter
Dag minder tot Augustus-einde

A company of soldiers marched over the hill and across the meadow
Soldate-groep loop e aan berg en e deur veld

The first part of the story is very interesting
Storie-deel-een e baie interessant

The crow dropped some pebbles into the pitcher and raised the water to the brim
Kraai val e in kruik a sommige-klippie en i gelig e aan rand a water

The baby clapped her hands and laughed in glee
Baba klap sy-hand en lag e geluk

Stop your game and be quiet
I stop jy-speel en I stil

The sound of the drums grew louder and louder
Drom-klank groei e meer meer hard

Do you like summer or winter better?
Jy lief e meer a somer of winter

That boy will have a wonderful trip
Kind sal i wonder-reis

They popped corn, and then sat around the fire and ate it
Sy klap mielie dan i sit e rond fuur en i eet dit

They won the first two games, but lost the last one
Sy wen twee-speel-een maar i los speel-laast

Take this note, carry it to your mother; and wait for an answer
I noot. I dra dit vir jy-moeder. En i wag antwoord

I awoke early, dressed hastily, and went down to breakfast
My op e vroeg dan i klee e loop dan i af-gaan e aan ontbyt

Aha! I have caught you!
Aha! My vang jy!

This string is too short!
Dit-lyn e te kort

Oh, dear! the wind has blown my hat away!
Oh, lief! Wind weg-blaas my-hoed

Alas! that news is sad indeed!
Alas! E inderdaad a dit-nuwe e hart-seer

Whew! that cold wind freezes my nose!
Whew! Koud-wind vries my-neus!

Are you warm enough now?
E nou a jy e genoeg warm?

They heard the warning too late
Sy hoor e te laat a warning

We are a brave people, and love our country
Ons is mens e dapper en ons lief ons-land



All the children came except Mary
Alles-kinder kom e behalwe Mary

Jack seized a handful of pebbles and threw them into the lake
Jack vang klippie e min en i gooi e in mere a dit

This cottage stood on a low hill, at some distance from the village
E by dorp a dit-hut staan e aan laag-berg

On a fine summer evening, the two old people were sitting outside the door of their cottage
E goed somer aand a twee-oud-mens sit e buite sy-hut-doer

Our bird's name is Jacko
Naam e ons voEl i is Jacko

The river knows the way to the sea
Rivier weet pad e na see

The boat sails away, like a bird on the wing
Boot weg-seil asof voEl e aan wing

They looked cautiously about, but saw nothing
Sy kyk e sorg maar i sien nie

The little house had three rooms, a sitting room, a bedroom, and a tiny kitchen
Dit-klein-huis het tree-kamer. Sis-kamer. Bed-kamer. Klein-kombuis

We visited my uncle's village, the largest village in the world
Ons sien hut e my oom. Hut e meeste groot in wereld

We learn something new each day
E elke dag a ans leer sommige-nuwe

The market begins five minutes earlier this week
E dit week a mark begin e vyf-minuut meer vroeg 

Did you find the distance too great?
Jy dink ver e te lang

Hurry, children
Vas. Kinder

Madam, I will obey your command
Madam. My volg bevel e jy

Here under this tree they gave their guests a splendid feast
E onder dit-boom a sy gee e aan sy gas a pragtig-fees

In winter I get up at night, and dress by yellow candlelight
E winter a my op e nag en i klee e by geel kers-lig

Tell the last part of that story again
I weer-praat laaste-deel van storie

Be quick or you will be too late
I vas of jy sal e te laat

Will you go with us or wait here?
Jy wil-gaan met ons of i wag e hier?

She was always shabby, often ragged, and on cold days very uncomfortable
Sy verval e alles-tyd en i gedra e dikwels en i troos e koud dag

Think first and then act
I dink dan i tree

I stood, a little mite of a girl, upon a chair by the window, and watched the falling snowflakes
My e klein meisie i staan e by venster op stoel en i kyk sneeu-vlok e val

Show the guests these shells, my son, and tell them their strange history
I wys skulpe vir gas. My-seun. En i praat e aan sy a verhaal e sy vreemde

Be satisfied with nothing but your best
I is e tervede met nie behalwe jy-beste

We consider them our faithful friends
Ons dink die sy is vriend e lojaal

We will make this place our home
Ons huis dit-plek

The squirrels make their nests warm and snug with soft moss and leaves
Sciuridae warm sy-nes en i knus met mos e sagt en blaar

The little girl made the doll's dress herself
Klein-kind maak e self a pop-rok

I hurt myself
My pyn self

She was talking to herself
Sy praat self

He proved himself trustworthy
Sy wys die sy is betrou

We could see ourselves in the water
Ons sien self e in water

Do it yourself
Maak e self a dit

I feel ashamed of myself
My voel skanse want self

Sit here by yourself
I sit e hier self

The dress of the little princess was embroidered with roses, the national flower of the Country
Klein-prinses-rok e borduur met roos die blom e land

They wore red caps, the symbol of liberty
Sy dra rooi-pet die simbool e vry

With him as our protector, we fear no danger
Ons nie-vrees gevaar met sy a beskerm

All her finery, lace, ribbons, and feathers, was packed away in a trunk
Sy-fyn en kant en lint en veer was e in stam i pak

Light he thought her, like a feather
Sy dink sy e liggew soos veer

Every spring and fall our cousins pay us a long visit
E alles-lente en herfs a neef kuier e lang a ons

In our climate the grass remains green all winter
E ons klimaat a gras groen e alles winter

The boy who brought the book has gone
Kind weg-gaan die i bring boek

These are the flowers that you ordered
Dit is blom die jy bestel

I have lost the book that you gave me
My verloor boek die jy gee e aan my

The fisherman who owned the boat now demanded payment
Vis-mens vraag betaal die i het dit

Come when you are called
I kom wanneer jy e bel

I shall stay at home if it rains
E reEn a my sal e huis i bly

When he saw me, he stopped
Sy stop wanneer sy sien my

Do not laugh at me because I seem so absent minded
I nie-lag my want my lyk af-maniere

I shall lend you the books that you need
My sal boek leen e aan jy die jy nodig

Come early next Monday if you can
E maandag i kom e vroeg as jy kan

If you come early, wait in the hall
I wag e saal as jy kom e vroeg

I had a younger brother whose name was Antonio
My was broer het die i het naam e Antonio

Gnomes are little men who live under the ground
Kabout is mens e klein die i leef e onder grond

He is loved by everybody, because he has a gentle disposition
Sy e lief van alles want sy het sagt-aard

Hold the horse while I run and get my cap
I hou perd terwyl my loop en i kry my-kap

I have found the ring I lost
My vind ring e verloor

Play and I will sing
I speel en my sing

That is the funniest story I ever heard
Dit is storie e meestal lag die my hoor
 
She is taller than her brother
Sy is e meer lank dan sy-broer

They are no wiser than we
Sy is e nie-meer wys dan ons

Light travels faster than sound
Lig reis e meer vinnig dan klank

We have more time than they
Ons het tyd e meer dan sy

She has more friends than enemies
Sy het vriend e meer dan vyand

He was very poor, and with his wife and five children lived in a little low cabin of logs and stones
Sy was arm. Sy met vrou en vyf-kind leef e kajuit die e houtblok en e klip

When the wind blew, the traveler wrapped his mantle more closely around him
Reis-mens draai e meer by self a mantel wanneer wind waai

I am sure that we can go
My seker die ons kan i gaan

We went back to the place where we saw the roses
Ons rug-gaan e aan plek waar ons sien roos

"This tree is fifty feet high", said the gardener
Tuin-mens sE. “Dit-boom hoog e vyf-tien voet”

I think that this train leaves five minutes earlier today
My dink die e dit-dag a trein vertaal e vyf minuut meer vroeg

My opinion is that the governor will grant him a pardon
My dink die goewerneur wil pastoor gee e aan sy

Why he has left the city is a mystery
Hoekom sy-stand-verlaat is misterie

The house stands where three roads meet
Huis staan waar drie-paaie raak

He has far more money than brains
Sy het geld e meer dan brein

Evidently that gate is never opened, for the long grass and the great hemlocks grow close against it
E wys a hek e nooit oop want lang-gras en hemlock teen-grooi dit

I met a little cottage girl; she was eight years old, she said
My was meisie e jong hut i sien. Sy sE die sy was e agt jaar
